All right.
So now that we are going to start writing the Toolings capability for our MCP server.
So I'm going to go to the code over here.
Let me stop this entire thing.
And over here I'm going to add the tooling.
So how can I actually do that.
Remember we wrote the methods earlier to perform an add numbers like we just did.
Uh, pass the numbers over here.
Uh, is a parameter like int uh for a and then it's int and the return type is going to be an integer
over here.
And then we said that uh adding two numbers and return the result over here.
Uh, and then we just said return int of a sorry a plus int of B, which is basically going to perform
an addition operation.
Right.
And we did the exact same thing for the rest of the tools as well in our earlier sections of this course.
And we call this as number, something like that.
And then instead of adding two numbers I'm going to say subtract two numbers.
And this is going to be minus.
And then this is going to be multiply two number.
So I'm going to say multiply multi.
Uh numbers.
And this is going to be multiply two numbers.
And I'm going to say like that.
You can also create one more tool which we have not done before like say divide numbers.
So I'm going to say divide numbers.
And this is going to be divide two numbers.
Right.
These are the tools that these are the method that I have written right now.
And I need to decorate this as a tool in the long chain.
What we used to do is we just put like add tools attribute uh on annotation.
And then we call these tools uh in an array.
And then we pass it to the AI agent.
We have to do nothing in here.
Nothing to be honest.
It's so easy with fast MCP.
All you have to do over here just say add mcp, mcp, dot.
That is something called as tool.
This is the method that you have to invoke.
That's all.
With this you're already defining your method as a tool.
This is, to be honest, very, very powerful.
And once you're done, your MCP server is now already capable of having all the toolings in here, right?
You don't believe me?
But it is real.
So I'm going to copy the same code and I'll tell you what I what is going to happen if I'm going to
do the same with the NodeJS version?
That's where things are going to be more spicy.
Can you write this code with node JS version of MCC server.
And I'm going to paste this code.
I'm going to hit enter.
And you will notice that how this code is going to be transformed into a node JS version and how complex
they are.
See in the node JS version, you actually need to create a request handler, and in the request handler
you have to do this tool slash list.
And then you have to define the structure or the schema of how the tools should be.
So this is the name like add numbers.
Then you have to put the description and they need to create the schema here.
See this is the schema that I was talking about.
And then you again have to add a description input schema.
This is the thing.
I mean, whatever that you have written in here as just as a parameter and return the value you need
to write like a schema and a perfect structure, which the, uh, the server can understand or the large
language model can understand perfectly.
So you have to define all of these over here.
Uh, and then you need to call this request handler, which is going to call the request.
You need to write a switch case statement to perform every single tool call.
This was really, really painful.
And I did the same exact thing even with my, uh, playwright MCP server.
If you can just go to the code base, just go to the source.
Uh, and if you just go to the, uh, index over here.
So this is the, the server that I have got.
And this is where I define all this todo operation over there.
And if I'm going to go to the tool handler over here, see, this is where all the tools are defined.
Like how many tools that I have to create.
All the tools are being defined over here.
And do call a switch statement to perform all these operations.
Uh, over here, for every single tool that I have got.
See, the conditions just turned out to be a nightmare.
Um, but if I would have wrote the same thing in the Python version, this code would have been way
better and more simpler.
Which is because of the fast MCP, right?
I may turn this into node version pretty soon, but for now, see, this is the complexity.
You have to go through the same line of code that you wrote.
I don't know how many lines of code that we have wrote over here is just like 29, but if you do the
exact same thing over here, you need to, you are going to end up with 143 lines.
See, that's the power of the fast MCP versus the, uh, the node version that you have, right?
I'm just bragging on Python more because I realized that this is pretty cool.
Cool.
So now that we have this server and we have the toolings, we also saw the differentiation between the
node versus the Python version.
Python being so simpler.
In our next lecture, I will actually show you how you can now connect this simple calculator server
with your client, which is the cloud desktop.